Add docs for RocketMQ pubsub (#2469)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-alicloud-rocketmq.md

---
type: docs

> title: "Alibaba Cloud RocketMQ"

Reviewer: Reword to remove all references to Alibaba. This is a generic component. As per type `type: pubsub.rocketmq`

Reviewer: This also means renaming this file to remove alibaba.

| consumerBatchSize                | N        | consumer group for RocketMQ's subscribers, suggested to provide, just for HTTP proto | `1024`
| consumerThreadNums                | N        |consumer group for RocketMQ's subscribers, suggested to provide, just for cgo proto | `20`
| instanceId                | N       | RocketMQ's namespace, optional | `"MQ_INST_******"`
| nameServerDomain                | N        |RocketMQ's name server domain, optional| `"mqrest.cn.aliyuncs.com"`
| retries                | N        | retry times to connect rocketmq's broker, optional | `0`
| content-type                | N        | msg's content-type eg:"application/cloudevents+json; charset=utf-8", application/octet-stream | `"text/plain"`

## Create an AliCloud RocketMQ
Follow the instructions [here](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/200153.htm) to setup AliCloud RocketMQ
  - Simplified Chinese translation [here](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/200153.html)

## Per-call metadata fields

### Partition Key

When invoking the rocketmq pub/sub, its possible to provide an optional partition key by using the `metadata` query param in the request url.

> You need specifie `rocketmq-tag`,`"rocketmq-key"` in `metadata`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to specify `rocketmq-tag`,`"rocketmq-key"` in `metadata`
```
